Support icon color for text entry and column (#9522)
filamentphp/filament: packages/tables/docs/03-columns/02-text.md

<AutoScreenshot name="tables/columns/text/icon-after" alt="Text column with icon after" version="3.x" />

> The icon color defaults to the text color, but can be set separately using `iconColor()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The icon color defaults to the text color, but you may customize the icon color separately using `iconColor()`:
```

```php
use Filament\Tables\Columns\TextColumn;

TextColumn::make('email')
    ->icon('heroicon-m-envelope')

>     ->iconColor('success')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ->iconColor('primary')
```

```

> <AutoScreenshot name="tables/columns/text/icon-color" alt="Text column with icon color" version="3.x" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<AutoScreenshot name="tables/columns/text/icon-color" alt="Text column with icon in the primary color" version="3.x" />
```

<AutoScreenshot name="tables/columns/text/icon-after" alt="Text column with icon after" version="3.x" />

> You may set the color of an icon using `iconColor()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The icon color defaults to the text color, but can be set separately using `iconColor()`:
```

```php

> use Filament\Support\Enums\IconPosition;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

use Filament\Tables\Columns\TextColumn;

TextColumn::make('email')
    ->icon('heroicon-m-envelope')

>      ->iconPosition(IconPosition::After) // `IconPosition::Before` or `IconPosition::After`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
